todo for talk (? means optional, if time):

? slide with bad japanese serif latin, as example

Unicode range: start with syntax (say current slide content).
split definition format: top has pre code with Latin-only urange; 
bottom has dt descriptor dd allowed range of Unicode characters 
DONE but ugly, flex puts all the space on the code

new slide with ampersand example DONE 
  but FF bug!! fixed but not deployed
  https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=475891
in about:config, layout.css.unicode-range.enabled =  true
  https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/unicode-range 
  live result works (with config change) so wtf

add slide with full css code

? make rochester into woff if cygwin stops misbehaving

? finally, new slide with syntax apology if it still seems worth saying

replace second myriad pro with a different font that has condensed; pref a serif one

? shift the h1 on OT features slide so it is over the green foundries not the grey ot features
DONE

add slide after #featureIntro with lots of features used at once. use megalopolis-extra, and spans to set the features (fancy ligatures, swashes)
DONE, could be improved with spans to set swashes from other stylistic sets

add the asian forms opentype feature example
  needs raw textarea with selectors
  use lang selector, simplified vs traditional chinese  草 (U+8349)
  Source Han Sans (Adobe) has CJK linguistic forms

add equivalent low-level code using font-feature-settings

add font-synthesis: none

add font-kerning: normal to force all browsers to do the kerning they should be doing anyway

mentions same-origin policy and effect on webfonts

add woff1 diagram, showing per-table compression, header, meta

add woff2 diagram showing type rearrangement, discard, full stream compression (and header & meta)

make woff1 and woff2 svg graphs for median filesize savings, data from woff2 evaluation report


new slide in performance section: declaring subsetting with urange. multiple @font-face rules to make a composite font.
only downloaded if that range is needed
reduces page weight but can increase load time (more http requests, load on demand if text changes)

?? miss out font loading API if no time to make slides for it

-------
tips

each face needs its own @font-face. avoid synthetic bold and synthetic (obliqued) italic

